feat: add matching configuration name eslint rule (#952)
AmadeusITGroup/otter: docs/linter/eslint-plugin/rules/matching-configuration-name.md

# @o3r/matching-configuration-name

> Ensures that configuration interface name match the 1st parameter of `computeConfigurationName`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Ensures that the configuration interface name matches the first parameter of `computeConfigurationName`
```
